it's Wednesday July thirty-first 2013
and this is today in sneaks what's up
guys i am your host jacques Slade and
let's start things off with some news
about the nike free flyknit last night i
attended a special media event for the
free flyknit and had a chance to try on
your parents keep it short they feel
great also learn some details about the
shoot like the fact that you can wear it
without lasers if you want to end the
fact that you don't really have to wear
socks to find out more about the shoe
actually put a link down in the
description for an article I wrote over
at complex and there's also some
pictures up on my website which is
Cousteau calm but for those looking to
grab a pair they'll be available
starting tomorrow August first for 160
dollars and speaking of shoes that drop
on august first the Superfly to actually
drops tomorrow as well for one hundred
and forty dollars i've only played needs
a couple times that i actually plan on
getting some runs in them tonight but so
far the shoot is an improvement over
last year's model the flight plate is
really responsive in the forefoot in the
dynamic lacing system really keeps you
locked in if you're thinking about grab
a pair i definitely recommend you check
out Nightwing's review of the shoe here
is a link to it right here if you wanted
to experience the 28 but you couldn't
swallow the design of it are the price
is a little too much for you well the
Superfly to is definitely going to be
right up your alley again the Superfly
two drops tomorrow August first for one
hundred and forty dollars at select
Jordan Brand retailers well you know how
much you say you love Safari print I
mean how much you say you like really
really love Safari print well if that is
using these on put images of the nike
air foamposite one Safari may be just
what you need spotted over at kicks or
die on their Instagram the Safari phones
are a sight to see we see the orange pop
as well as the translucent outsole on
the nike sportswear model there is
currently no release date for this model
but definitely stay close and i will
update you as soon as i find out more
reebok classics is continuing to do
their collaborations with certified
network partners and the latest comes
from beatniks in fullerton california
materialized of retailer is sticking
with suede for the entire upper and
choosing to cover it with camo the liner
is given the chance to shine with a
healthy dose of blaze orange which also
find
way to branding on the tongue as well as
on the heel now these happen to catch
your eyes they are available now at pack
of shoes in new jersey and not beatnik
in fullerton california for 120 dollars
and finally remember those shoes you
wanted you know those ones ever really
hyped up that you really really wanted
you know which ones I'm talking about
right right well if you don't you're not
the only ones the shoe game actually
took a look back at some of the most
hype releases over the last couple of
years to hit the web and the fact that
you hardly ever see people actually
wearing them which actually makes me
kind of sad so please please please buy
what you like don't buy for the height
and for the sneaker head of the day I'm
going with Max ones I believe that's how
you say the name of not sure about that
has a great collection but more than
anything is sock game is on point I'm
actually kind of jealous I need to call
beer chugging you see if I can hit me
from atty tonight Fox YB well if you
want to be the sneaker head of the day
all you have to do is follow me over on
Instagram on Instagram name is Cousteau
and use the hashtag where your kicks
well that is going to do it for the show
today but before I go on give you a
reminder about the Blake Griffin a bit
that's a saturday it's hashtag mystery
game so if you talk about it make sure
you use the hashtag where you'll see
Nightwing you'll see yo auntie and
you'll also see kick genius which is
pretty excited I'm glad that I'll be
able to collaborate with those guys if
you haven't already make sure you like
favorite and subscribe to this video
that way you know whenever something new
is happening here on this channel and
also visit the link down in the
description I almost messed up there
visit the link down in the description
and give you the full stories of
everything that I pop them out today
well i am your host jacques slate this
is today it sneaks clicking here
somewhere for something random and i
will see you soon peace what a tag in
tag oh um I don't know uh I could no no
be boxing not this week all right Oh
how about I just stand here and I do
this and we say hey people click one of
these videos that's the video for Monday
over there and this is a playlist of the
weekend sneaks videos and stuff in case
you miss one of those and I'll just
stand here you put me in the middle and
that's not a bitch well we need no need
music I we'll just we'll just used like
a regular background track so yeah
alright cool
did you uh did you read the shoe game
thing dude so true by that like the
hypest stuff like you never see people
actually wearing them it did a good job
shout out to a G right things you rock
did it I hope you did it I just gave him
credit maybe it was somebody else on the
staff I don't know but yeah it's
definitely true you check it out
definitely read it